c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\MvcApplication2.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\MvcApplication2.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\System.Net.Http.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\WebMatrix.Data.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\obj\Release\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\obj\Release\MvcApplication2.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\obj\Release\MvcApplication2.pdb
C:\Users\Semyon\Desktop\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\MvcApplication2.dll
C:\Users\Semyon\Desktop\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\MvcApplication2.pdb
C:\Users\Semyon\Desktop\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\obj\Release\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Semyon\Desktop\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\obj\Release\MvcApplication2.dll
C:\Users\Semyon\Desktop\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\obj\Release\MvcApplication2.pdb
C:\Users\Semyon\Desktop\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
C:\Users\Semyon\Desktop\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
C:\Users\Semyon\Desktop\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
C:\Users\Semyon\Desktop\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
C:\Users\user\Desktop\MvcApplication2-2014-12-03\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\MvcApplication2.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\MvcApplication2-2014-12-03\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\MvcApplication2.pdb
C:\Users\user\Desktop\MvcApplication2-2014-12-03\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\MvcApplication2-2014-12-03\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\MvcApplication2-2014-12-03\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
C:\Users\user\Desktop\MvcApplication2-2014-12-03\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
C:\Users\user\Desktop\MvcApplication2-2014-12-03\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\obj\Release\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\user\Desktop\MvcApplication2-2014-12-03\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\obj\Release\MvcApplication2.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\MvcApplication2-2014-12-03\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\obj\Release\MvcApplication2.pdb
C:\Users\user\Desktop\MvcApplication2-2014-12-03\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\CaptchaMvc.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\MvcApplication2-2014-12-03\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\CaptchaMvc.pdb
C:\Users\user\Desktop\MvcApplication2-2014-12-03\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\CaptchaMvc.xml
C:\Users\Semyon\Desktop\MvcApplication2-2014-12-03\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\MvcApplication2.dll
C:\Users\Semyon\Desktop\MvcApplication2-2014-12-03\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\MvcApplication2.pdb
C:\Users\Semyon\Desktop\MvcApplication2-2014-12-03\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\CaptchaMvc.dll
C:\Users\Semyon\Desktop\MvcApplication2-2014-12-03\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
C:\Users\Semyon\Desktop\MvcApplication2-2014-12-03\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
C:\Users\Semyon\Desktop\MvcApplication2-2014-12-03\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\CaptchaMvc.pdb
C:\Users\Semyon\Desktop\MvcApplication2-2014-12-03\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\CaptchaMvc.xml
C:\Users\Semyon\Desktop\MvcApplication2-2014-12-03\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
C:\Users\Semyon\Desktop\MvcApplication2-2014-12-03\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
C:\Users\Semyon\Desktop\MvcApplication2-2014-12-03\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\obj\Release\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Semyon\Desktop\MvcApplication2-2014-12-03\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\obj\Release\MvcApplication2.dll
C:\Users\Semyon\Desktop\MvcApplication2-2014-12-03\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\obj\Release\MvcApplication2.pdb
